

July 14, 1990

     University Roman font was one of the first PD fonts for Publishing
Partner(PP).  Longevity must be the cause for its popularity (it is one of
the most downloaded fonts on GEnie); it could not possibly have been the
quality.  It was created with the old PP font editor and the serifs looked
like Gumby's feet!  The original font editor had a screen work area of
about 2" x 2" and no guides for stroke width.  I have been embarrassed over
those serifs for a long time.

     So, with the new PD editor from SoftLogik (thanks, Mike Kazmaier), I
decided to make amends. I really didn't do too much to the characters,
except for a tweak here and there, but Gumby's feet have been replaced with
*real* serifs.  Kerning pairs have been added (for Mike Loader!) and the
letter spacing for the whole character set was modified.

     To use, merely copy the files in this Arc over the ones that are
currently in your PSFONTS folder.  This font uses the same registration
number of the original (#3000).  Included with this file are:

     UNIV_RMN.FM         The font metrics
     UNIV_RMN.DMF        The dot matrix font.
     UNIV_RMN.12H        12 point screen font (slightly revised)
     UNIV_RMN.24H        24 point screen font (ditto)
     UNIV_RMN.PS         The downloadable PostScript (TM) font.
     UNIV_RMN.PSF        The PS information file.

     I did not re-do any of the other screen fonts.  Those were, for the
most part, created by someone at SL and were pretty well done.  Of course,
anyone wishing to improve the screen fonts may do so with the font editor.
You should also delete any files named UNVR (.DMF, .PS & .PSF) from your
PSFONTS folder.  Someone (I don't remember who) made some improvements to
the original font so that it would convert from PP format into PgS format. 
I think they added "close char" points or something like that.  Since UNVR
uses the same font ID, PgS will get confused if you do not delete them.

      These files are offered as freeware.  As such, they are placed
into Public Domain and may be freely distributed as you see fit.  There is
no guarantee expressed, whatsoever, as to their performance.

     Incidentally, rumor has it that SoftLogik will release several new
font disks *Real Soon Now* (RSN).  These will include several of the fonts
that I created including LuciSans, the original Keyboard (with extras),
PageStream (like Elan Demi-Bold; see the title page of your PgS manual),
Calgary (like Playbill), Circus and Zip (like Zipper).  I hope you like
them.

Bernie LaGrave
[B.LAGRAVE1 on Genie]

